Chrome console allows accessing private properties (#27387)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/guide/using_classes/index.md

console.log(red.#values); // SyntaxError: Private field '#values' must be declared in an enclosing class
```

> > **Note:** The Chrome console allows accessing private properties outside the class. However, this is a DevTools-only ability and doing the same elsewhere is always a syntax error.

Reviewer: A few lines above this says "Accessing private fields outside the class is an early syntax error. What does it mean by "early"?

What you have is fine; here is an alternative "for your consideration"

```suggestion
> **Note:** Code run in the Chrome console can access private properties outside the class.
> This is a DevTools-only exception to the JavaScript language requirement that such access should throw a `SyntaxError`.
```

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Code run in the Chrome console can access private properties outside the class. This is a DevTools-only extension of the JavaScript language syntax.
```
